Our Talking Therapy Services Dorchester
How lucky we are to live in an age where there is no stigma in asking for help
Many people come for Psychotherapy and Counselling when they are experiencing difficulties in their lives, loss, bereavement, illness, life crisis, a transition, work or relationship problems, a sense of unhappiness or dissatisfaction, depression, anxiety or simply a desire to know themselves more deeply. 
Psychotherapy and Counselling is a process which seeks to help you gain a sense of wholeness, well-being, resilience & self-awareness.
Our Team
Counselling and Psychotherapy Services in Dorchester
 

 

Dr Linda Bolton 
Clinical Psychologist 
Dr Sharon Winward  
Clinical Psychologist
 

 

 

 

Sharon Sheppard 
Counsellor
Aimee Overington
Counsellor
 

 

Michael Sinclair
Psycho-therapeutic Counsellor
Melika Clason
EFT Practitioner
Naomi David
Psychotherapist/ Psychologist
Antoinette Keogh 
Counsellor
 
Experienced Psychologists, Psychotherapists Dorchester 
Psychotherapy and Counselling may be provided for individuals or children, couples, families and groups. There are many different Psychotherapeutic approaches such as —
Psychodynamic | Humanistic | Person Centred | Integrative | Analytic | Transpersonal | Gestalt | Cognitive Behavioural (CBT) | Neuro Linguistic Programming (NLP) | Psychosynthesis | Core Process | Body Psychotherapy | Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) | and the popular new Technique Eye Movement and Desensitisation Reprocessing (EMDR) Therapy for Trauma and PTSD.
Although all these different methods can be a bit perplexing when you are seeking help and not sure of what would work best for you – most Psychotherapists and Counsellors would agree that its a very personal choice and that meeting someone and getting a sense of whether you could feel safe enough to open up and talk with them is a good starting point.
How do I book an appointment with a therapist?
Please be aware each therapist manages their own practice. To enquire about Psychotherapy, please contact the therapist directly. All contact details can be found on the Our Team webpages. Thank you.
All therapist working at The Rooms are accredited by UK recognised regulatory boards and councils to ensure standards and protection.

